Improve Tenant Management + Table Prefix Pattern (#19237)
OrchardCMS/OrchardCore: src/docs/releases/3.0.0.md

### Tenants and Setup

#### Database Presets, Required Prefixes, and Generated Database Names

Tenant creation and setup now better support shared-database and preset-database scenarios.

- A new `OrchardCore_Tenants:RequireTablePrefix` option can require a table prefix whenever the selected database provider supports table prefixes.
- New `OrchardCore_Tenants:TablePrefixPattern` and `OrchardCore_Tenants:SchemaPattern` options can generate the table prefix and schema automatically by using a Fluid template with access to `ShellSettings`, for example `{{ ShellSettings.Name }}`.
- Generated and manually entered table prefixes and schemas are now validated as SQL identifiers.

The tenant and setup UI behavior also changed when database settings are preset from configuration:

- If `OrchardCore:DatabaseProvider` is configured, the database provider is treated as fixed and is no longer selectable in the Setup or Tenants UI.
- If both `OrchardCore:DatabaseProvider` and `OrchardCore:ConnectionString` are configured, the connection string is also treated as fixed and is no longer shown or editable in the UI.

> - If only `OrchardCore:DatabaseProvider` is configured, the provider remains fixed, but the connection string is still shown when that provider requires one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If `OrchardCore:DatabaseProvider` is configured, the database provider is treated as fixed and is no longer selectable in the Setup or Tenants UI. The connection string is still shown when that provider requires one.
- If both `OrchardCore:DatabaseProvider` and `OrchardCore:ConnectionString` are configured, the connection string is also treated as fixed and is no longer shown or editable in the UI.
```
